Update debug docs (#3177)
rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer: docs/dev/debugging.md

# Debugging VSCode plugin and the language server

## Prerequisites

> - Install [LLDB](https://lldb.llvm.org/) and the [LLDB Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb).

Reviewer: Does anyone have luck using this extension on windows? It doesn't really work well for me.

Author: What do you use instead?

Reviewer 2: In Windows I use https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools

Reviewer 3: It's author says it works: https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/f1qsx9/debugging_rust_in_vscode_in_2020/fh8f1gx/.

# Debugging vs Code plugin and the Language Server

> ## Prerequsities

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

- Install [LLDB](https://lldb.llvm.org/) and the [LLDB Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) VSCode extensions.
- Open the root folder in VSCode. Here you can access the preconfigured debug setups.

  <img height=150px src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36276403/74611090-92ec5380-5101-11ea-8a41-598f51f3f3e3.png" alt="Debug options view">

- Install all TypeScript dependencies
  ```bash
  cd editors/code

>   npm i

Reviewer 3: Maybe `npm install` for us plebs :-).

Author: Might you propose a change here?

Author: I mean "commit suggestion", though, ah, I'll do it)

Reviewer 3: I made one, but it doesn't show up on this page.

Author: Saw that one, already accepted!

>   npm i

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  npm install
```

  ```

## Common knowledge

> * All debug configurations open new `[Extension Development Host]` VSCode instance

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* All debug configurations open a new `[Extension Development Host]` VSCode instance
 where **only** the `rust-analyzer` extension being debugged is enabled. 
```

Author: Thank you, articles are my weak point :D

Reviewer 3: I had no idea that Russian and most related languages had no articles :smile:.

Author: TYL )

Author: I suppose you can select multiple lines to edit, because we need to amend the second line it commit suggsetion too

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I'll let you do that locally. I tried it a couple of PRs ago and it didn't turn out too well.

where **only** your `rust-analyzer` extension is enabled.
* To activate the extension you need to open any Rust project folder in `[Extension Development Host]`.

## Debug TypeScript VSCode extension

> - `Run Extension` - runs the extension with globally installed `ra_lsp_server` binary.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Run Extension` - runs the extension with the globally installed `ra_lsp_server` binary.
```

> - `Run Extension (Dev Server)` - runs extension with binary from your locally built `target/debug/ra_lsp_server`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `Run Extension (Dev Server)` - runs extension with the locally built LSP server (`target/debug/ra_lsp_server`).
```

> TypeScript debugging is configured to watch your source edits and recompile.

Reviewer 3: TIL

> To apply changes to already running debug process press <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+P</kbd> and run the following command in your `[Extension Development Host]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To apply changes to an already running debug process press <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+P</kbd> and run the following command in your `[Extension Development Host]`
```

```
> Developer: Reload Window
```

## Debug Rust LSP server

> - To attach to the `lsp server` in linux you'll have to run:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When attaching a debugger to an already running `rust-analyzer` server on Linux you might need to run:
```

  ```
  echo 0 | sudo tee /proc/sys/kernel/yama/ptrace_scope
  ```

>   This enables ptrace on non-forked processes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> - Enable debug symbols in `Cargo.toml`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- By default, the LSP server is built without debug information. To enable it, you'll need to change `Cargo.toml`:
```

  ```toml
    [profile.dev]
    debug = 2
  ```

- Select `Run Extension (Dev Server)` to run your locally built `target/debug/ra_lsp_server`.

> - In the original VSCode window once again select `Attach To Server` debug configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the original VSCode window once again select the `Attach To Server` debug configuration.
```

- A list of running processes should appear. Select the `ra_lsp_server` from this repo.

- Navigate to `crates/ra_lsp_server/src/main_loop.rs` and add a breakpoint to the `on_task` function.

> - Go back to the `[Extension Development Host]` instance and hover over a rust variable and your breakpoint should hit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Go back to the `[Extension Development Host]` instance and hover over a Rust variable and your breakpoint should hit.
```
